readme.md, before:

Ars Magica 2 - Reborn 1.10.2 MERGED
[![Build Status](https://travis-ci.org/jjtParadox/ArsMagica2.svg?branch=1.10.2-merged)](https://travis-ci.org/jjtParadox/ArsMagica2)
========
This is a fork of Growlith1223's Ars Magica 2 version with almost all the open PRs from that repo merged in.

In layman's terms, this version of Ars Magica 2 includes some suggested changes, bug fixes, and new features created by other developers.

Check the [original repo](https://github.com/Growlith1223/ArsMagica2) for more information on what Ars Magica 2 is.

# License
This mod is open sourced under the Creative Commons 3.0 Attribution Non-Commercial License
https://creativecommons.org/licenses/by-nc/3.0/legalcode

Summary
https://creativecommons.org/licenses/by-nc/3.0/

You are free to:
* Share — copy and redistribute the material in any medium or format
* Adapt — remix, transform, and build upon the material
* The licensor cannot revoke these freedoms as long as you follow the license terms.

Under the following conditions:
* Attribution — You must give appropriate credit, provide a link to the license, and indicate if changes were made. You may do so in any reasonable manner, but not in any way that suggests the licensor endorses you or your use.
* NonCommercial — You may not use the material for commercial purposes.
* No additional restrictions — You may not apply legal terms or technological measures that legally restrict others from doing anything the license permits.

The exceptions to this license are textures, majority of which are property of D3miurge, licensed to this mod for it's use.
More information cam be found here: http://www.minecraftforum.net/user/2252536-d3miurge/#am2

Spell icons used include Painterly Spell Packs 1 through 4, courtesy of J. W. Bjerk (eleazzaar) at opengameart.com.

Some icons used courtesy of Ails http://www.alteredgamer.com/rpg-maker/100053-vx-custom-icons

Sounds are courtesy of opengameart.com and freesound.org, and licenses are that of their respective owners.

Commit message:

Added downloads to readme [CI Skip]

readme.md, after:

Ars Magica 2 - Reborn 1.10.2 MERGED
[![Build Status](https://travis-ci.org/jjtParadox/ArsMagica2.svg?branch=1.10.2-merged)](https://travis-ci.org/jjtParadox/ArsMagica2)
========
This is a fork of Growlith1223's Ars Magica 2 version with almost all the open PRs from that repo merged in.

In layman's terms, this version of Ars Magica 2 includes some suggested changes, bug fixes, and new features created by other developers.

Check the [original repo](https://github.com/Growlith1223/ArsMagica2) for more information on what Ars Magica 2 is.

## Downloads
Downloads can be found in the [releases](https://github.com/jjtParadox/ArsMagica2/releases) section. The `*-sources.jar` file and source code files are for developers only.

# License
This mod is open sourced under the Creative Commons 3.0 Attribution Non-Commercial License
https://creativecommons.org/licenses/by-nc/3.0/legalcode

Summary
https://creativecommons.org/licenses/by-nc/3.0/

You are free to:
* Share — copy and redistribute the material in any medium or format
* Adapt — remix, transform, and build upon the material
* The licensor cannot revoke these freedoms as long as you follow the license terms.

Under the following conditions:
* Attribution — You must give appropriate credit, provide a link to the license, and indicate if changes were made. You may do so in any reasonable manner, but not in any way that suggests the licensor endorses you or your use.
* NonCommercial — You may not use the material for commercial purposes.
* No additional restrictions — You may not apply legal terms or technological measures that legally restrict others from doing anything the license permits.

The exceptions to this license are textures, majority of which are property of D3miurge, licensed to this mod for it's use.
More information cam be found here: http://www.minecraftforum.net/user/2252536-d3miurge/#am2

Spell icons used include Painterly Spell Packs 1 through 4, courtesy of J. W. Bjerk (eleazzaar) at opengameart.com.

Some icons used courtesy of Ails http://www.alteredgamer.com/rpg-maker/100053-vx-custom-icons

Sounds are courtesy of opengameart.com and freesound.org, and licenses are that of their respective owners.
